Updates to README about CUDA install dir and conda not required (#155458)
pytorch/pytorch: README.md

$ call "C:\Program Files\Microsoft Visual Studio\<VERSION>\Community\VC\Auxiliary\Build\vcvarsall.bat" x64
```

A conda environment is not required.  You can also do a PyTorch build in a
standard virtual environment, e.g., created with tools like `uv`, provided

> your system has all the necessary dependencies (e.g., cmake, ninja, MKL)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
your system has all the necessary dependencies unavailable as pip packages (e.g., CUDA, MKL)
```

cmake and ninja will be installed as part of requirements.txt with the recent enough version

Reviewer 2: We install mkl thru pypi as well, but also this is so x86-like :)

Note: You could refer to the [cuDNN Support Matrix](https://docs.nvidia.com/deeplearning/cudnn/backend/latest/reference/support-matrix.html) for cuDNN versions with the various supported CUDA, CUDA driver and NVIDIA hardware

If you want to disable CUDA support, export the environment variable `USE_CUDA=0`.
Other potentially useful environment variables may be found in `setup.py`.  If

> CUDA is installed in a non-standard location, set PATH so that the nvcc you

Reviewer: We should recommend setting `CUDA_HOME` rather than path here I think?

Reviewer 2: CUDA_HOME does not work until we update FindCuda
